    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    gives meaning to our content.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML holdl you basic structure and content of your page.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    attributes go inside you html file and provide additional information about elements.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 tag will only be used once, it is the heading.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    label and form.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <!DOCTYPE html>

    7. What is an id? 
    id is used give a specific name to a attribute. 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any, but should only use it when needed for later use in java or css.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once.

    10. What is a class? 
    a name for an element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many as you want if you can keep it organized.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    specifies an alternate text for an image if the image cannot be displayed.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    semantic vs non-semantic

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    for styling our html document/our webpage

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    an id is used to identify only one element and a class is used to identify more than one

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    using a selector within another. div > p 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div : sidebar {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a keyword added to a selector to chaange only that parent

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height: 1pt

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing: 3px

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    uppercase/lowercase/Capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border-style: dotted 1px;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*comment goes here*/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    ls - will share all folders/files in the folder you are currently in

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm filename - this wil not go to the trash, it will be fuly removed

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    it will track all changes so that issues can be resolve or removed later. good when working as a team

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 minutes

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin "name"

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork - add mentor - clone - branch - push
    


Stretch Questions


    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?